Rewrite of intro (#39)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/introduction.tex

When referring to a dataset, we talk about a dataset including metadata information, which are non-essential data features.
One example of this could be the publication date of a text document. 
In most contexts, it is not needed to use and understand the document; however, it provides more context to the main content of the document: the text.

% Intro to Nordjyske data and applications

> However, there is usually a lot of data, that is not used, either because it is not useful or we do not know how to use it properly.

Reviewer: denne sætning virker mere som om at den bør være en del af den tidligere paragraph?
man kan ikke rigtig starte en ny paragraph med 'however' og den handler ikke om nordjyske.

> In most contexts, it is not needed to use and understand the document; however, it provides more context to the main content of the document: the text.
> 
> % Intro to Nordjyske data and applications
> However, there is usually a lot of data, that is not used, either because it is not useful or we do not know how to use it properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most contexts, it is not needed to use and understand the document; however, it provides more context to the main content of the document: the text.
However, a lot of metadata is not used, either because it is not useful or we do not know how to use it properly.

% Intro to Nordjyske data and applications
```

> However, there is usually a lot of data, that is not used, either because it is not useful or we do not know how to use it properly.

Author: ```suggestion
In most contexts, it is not needed to use and understand the document; however, it provides more context to the main content of the document: the text.
However, there is usually a lot of data, that is not used, either because it is not useful or we do not know how to use it properly.

% Intro to Nordjyske data and applications
```

We have a dataset from a danish media group, called Nordjyske, with three years of article data.
This dataset can be applied to a variety of different applications, such as topic modelling\cite{blei2003latent}\cite{MetaLDA2017}, text analysis\cite{baly2020written}, search engine optimization\cite{amjad2015topic}, and many more.

> Within the field of topic modeling, the \Gls{lda} is a well known topic model which generates topics and topic distributions for documents based on the words in documents~\cite{blei2003latent}, without the use of metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the field of topic modeling, \Gls{lda} is a well known topic model which generates topics and topic distributions for documents based on the words in documents~\cite{blei2003latent}, without the use of metadata.
```

> This dataset can be applied to a variety of different applications, such as topic modelling\cite{blei2003latent}\cite{MetaLDA2017}, text analysis\cite{baly2020written}, search engine optimization\cite{amjad2015topic}, and many more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This dataset can be applied to a variety of different applications, such as topic modeling\cite{blei2003latent}\cite{MetaLDA2017}, text analysis\cite{baly2020written}, search engine optimization\cite{amjad2015topic}, and many more.
In this paper, the dataset will be used with a focus on topic modeling.
```

Other extensions of \gls{lda} have also modeled various other information to generate better topics and/or topics with different focuses and potential uses.

> In most models, including extensions, metadata is not used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most models metadata is not used.
```
er ikke sikker om jeg er enig med denne, da i vores brede defination af metadata er de fleste exstensions omkring en bestemt form for metadata (eg. author-topic, dynamic lda)

> Within the field of topic modeling, \Gls{lda} is a well known topic model which generates topics and topic distributions for documents based on the words in documents~\cite{blei2003latent}, without the use of metadata.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Within the field of topic modeling, \gls{lda} is a well known topic model which generates topics and topic distributions for documents based on the words in documents~\cite{blei2003latent}, without the use of metadata.
```

However, there is some previous work that attempts to make use of the metadata available, by incorporating it into topic models, such as the Author-Topic model by \citet{author_topic_2012} and the MetaLDA model by \citet{MetaLDA2017}.

% Author-Topic
One of the well-known extensions of \gls{lda} is the Author-Topic model by \citet{author_topic_2012} that combines the \gls{lda} model with author information to model the relationship between authors and the documents, which they have written.
This is based on the assumption that most authors usually write about only a few different topics.
By modeling this relationship, they find connections between authors and topics, and between different authors, giving more underlying information to the topics.
They also show that the Author-Topic combination yields better and more coherent topics, which begs the question of whether any other document-related data can be applied similarly.

> However, they only test their algorithm on scientific papers, where usually the authors write about the same subject(their research field), which might not be the case for other fields, like journalism. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, they only test their algorithm on scientific papers, where usually the authors write about the same subject (their research field), which might not be the case for other writing professions, like journalism. 
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, they only test their algorithm on scientific papers, where usually the authors write about the same subject (their research field), which might not be the case for other fields, like journalism. 
```

% In this paper

> In this paper, we are investigating use cases for the dataset, that has been provided by Nordjyske, within the field of topic modelling. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this paper, we are investigating use cases for the dataset, that has been provided by Nordjyske, within the field of topic modeling. 
```

> We want to construct different topic models that incorporates various metadata, to see whether incorporating this information, changes the topic quality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We want to construct different topic models that incorporate various metadata, to see whether incorporating this information changes the topic quality.
```

> We do this to aid in solving, potential problems that Nordjyske might encounter as a media group, such as recommendation, search.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We do this to aid in solving potential problems that Nordjyske might encounter as a media group, such as the recommendation of articles or search functionality.
```

We also investigate differences between the produced topics for various models, to evaluate their potential uses.

% Problem Statement
We define the following problem to investigate in this paper:

\begin{itemize}

> 	\item \textit{How does including metadata within the \gls{lda} model impact the resulting topics?}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	\item \textit{How does including metadata within the \gls{lda} model impact the resulting topics?}
	\item \textit{What observations can be made in models trained with metadata?}
```
Hvis vi vil ligge det frem som et område vi undersøger, for at understøtte en dybere analyse/diskussion.

Author: Jeg ved ikke lige hvad jeg syntes om den ekstra problem formulering

Reviewer 2: Det er også bare et forslag til hvis vi ville lede mere ind til analysen. Man kan muligvis godt sige at "How does including metadata within the \gls{lda} model impact the resulting topics?" allerede dækker analyse af modellerne.

Reviewer: ja tror at den nuværender også dækker

> 	\item \textit{What possible problems these models, help alleviate at Nordjyske?}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	\item \textit{What possible problems can these models help alleviate at Nordjyske?}
```
